>> Shirley Wu: Let's
talk a little bit about
turning our designs into code.
Again, I do not want to go through and
implement every single
part of the D3 library.
But instead, I'm hoping to just kind
of talk about when you have a design,
how can you break that down
into different parts to code.
So, turning design into code,
break it down.
So think about what do you need
to draw each of the marks,
what do you need to calculate
each of the channels?
And so when I think about it,
oftentimes to draw each
of the marks that comes down to SVG or
Canvas in the browser.
And to calculate the channels,
oftentimes I'll use D3 scales or
any of the shapes that they have,
or the layouts that they have.
Or sometimes like, D3 doesn't have that.
And I'll go like, Google search for
maybe another node package
that has a layout I want, or
I'll just straight up,
sit down and calculate with math.
[LAUGH] So
that's kind of how I think it through.
And a little bit on SVG elements.
The ones I use the most commonly,
are rectangles, circles, text and paths.
And I don't think we'll go into too much
detail into this class
about each of these.
But this is kind of what I keep in mind
when I think about converting from
design to code.
For each of the things that we drew,
how does this convert to
each of these elements?
Or how do any of the things
that we drew out,
and what does that, what is that
made out of in terms of the SVG?
So I can see that this hanky is
going to be an SVG path element, and
most likely this radial is going
to be a path elements too.
But these production company bars,
these are gonna be rectangles, etc.
And I'll sit down and
break it down to just,
what does it take to draw these shapes?